I think that the literature of the KachÅ-Fuuei, or the literature that seals the era, is not so much in the Western world.
I think that the tendency is stronger in the East than in the Western world.
I can already see that in the history of China, but I think that the tendency is the most modest in Japan.
There are many young people from the Manchurian era, but I think that they have become almost professional in the early days.
Japan is the so-called island of the East.
It is not only that they fly in the natural landscape, but that the shift of the season and the season and the year is done correctly.
The phenomenon that occurs at that time is extremely complicated and subtle.
I think that the tendency to seal it in the Japanese's head has become stronger.
I think that the tendency is the most proud literature of the Japanese people, which was born in the city of Japan.
Recently, there are people who are influenced by the new Western literature, or who are trying to get close to other literature, such as Wakanado, and try to learn the martial arts in the early days.
I think it's a good idea to try it, but it's a bad thing.
I think that the tendency is the most important thing.